placeholder text
	Windows, just like GNU+Linux, is an operating system. Unlike it , however, it centers on ease of use, making it its core statement. It is modeled after DOS, but with further releases becoming more and more unique.
	Some of the points in which Windows excells at is the fact that a majority of developers provide releases for it. Interesting examples are KeePassXC, PaleMoon web browser and a lot of other apps that are centered around Gnu+Linux users. Not only that, but a majority, if not all video games run on it and are designed as a primary audience. Both examples are due to the fact that Windows represents a majority of operating systems, beating the combined share of MacOS and Gnu+Linux. The majority of Windows software, however, is closed-source. While one might consider the threat of spyware and other malware being snuck in, the majority of Windows users are not concerned with their privacy. Linux, on the other hand, is dominated by FOSS ( free and open-source) apps. GNU+Linux is becoming more and more popular though so there are a lot of alternatives to apps used commonly on Windows. Some notable examples include Gimp as an alternative to Photoshop, Davinci Resolve as an  alternative to  ( insert adobe video editing app ), VLS as an alternative to Windows Media Plater, etc. Not only that, but the majority, if not all, FOSS apps are 100% free. People are willing to provide you with free apps that work great as an amazing alternative to previously used ones for nothing. There are entire distributions of Linux devoted to using apps that comply with the GNU license.
	Windows, however, pales in comparison to Linux in the privacy aspect. Apps are almost equal as FOSS alternatives can be used, and video games can be played trough Wine, Lutris and Steam's Wine implementation- Proton. One key difference, though, is that Windows is closed source. This means that any code can be added without it being checked for malicous purposes. Windows has an awfull track record of privacy violations, especially Windows 10. There are keyloggers, information gathering and many other features. This can be seen when a de-bloating script is ran. Such scripts are popular amongst Windows users who want the compatability but not the spyware that comes with it. On this aspect, almost all, if not all, GNU+Linux-based operating systems are very privacy-respecting as they ( other than a select few ) are completely free and their code is public, just like the apps that run on them. This means that every single line of code can be inspected and changed if it includes anything that does not guarantee 100% full privacy. 
	In concluion, Linux is superiour to Windows in every single way.
